As always, read and understand Chapter 15, then answer these questions in
"answers.txt". 

1.  What does "this" point at during a constructor's execution?

    A.  Nothing (it is NULL).
    B.  The object being created.
    C.  The object being destroyed.
    D.  A temporary object which goes out of scope at the end of the
        constructor. 

2.  Which of the following is the correct return type to use when declaring
    a constructor?

    A.  void
    B.  int
    C.  The class it resides in
    D.  None of the above

3.  What is the proper way to name a destructor?

    A.  Dtor
    B.  dtor
    C.  The name of the class it resides in
    D.  A tilde followed by the name of the class it resides in

4.  Instead of using free, in C++ you should use:

    A.  std::free
    B.  std::cppfree
    C.  delete
    D.  delete_object

5.  What is the difference between the following statements?

    new ClassName;

    new ClassName(); 

    A.  Without parentheses, you use value initialization; with
        parenthesis, you use default initialization.
    B.  Without parenthesis, you do not call the constructor for ClassName,
        but with them you call the constructor. 
    C.  They behave exactly the same in all circumstances.
    D.  If ClassName has a default constructor, they will both behave the
        same. Otherwise, it is complicated.

6.  What is the difference between using an initializer list and assigning
    to fields in a constructor? 

    A.  An initializer list is the only way to initialize a const field.
    B.  An initializer list is the only way to initialize a reference field.
    C.  Only the initializer list performs initialization. Anything which
        you assign to in the constructor is assignment. Assignment and
	initialization are quite different in C++. 
    D.  All of the above

7.  Consider the following:

    I.   Make your classes default constructible. 
    II.  Initialize the fields of your class with assignment statements in
         the constructor's body.
    III. Only initialize the fields you need to: do not waste time
         initializing the others. 
    IV.  Initialize the fields in the order they are declared. 

    Which of the above statements describe the best practices that you
    should follow for writing a constructor?

    A.  I and II
    B.  I and III
    C.  I and IV
    D.  II and III
    E.  II and IV
    F.  III and IV

8.  If a class has a destructor, when is that class's destructor invokved? 

    A.  Only when you use the delete (or delete[]) operator on an object of
        that class. 
    B.  Whenever a box for an object of that type is about to be
        destroyed. 
    C.  At the completion of the class's copy constructor.
    D.  When the "this" pointer goes out of scope.

9.  Suppose that class Abc has a copy constructor, a copying assignment
    operator, and a default constructor. Assume that abc1 has type Abc, and
    has been declared and intiailized previously.

    Consider the following line of code:

    Abc abc2 = abc1;

    Which of the members of Abc described above will be invoked for this
    line of code? 

    A.  The copy constructor
    B.  The copying assignment operator
    C.  The default constructor
    D.  The default constructor, THEN the copying assignment operator

10. Which of the following is the correct way to declare the copy
    constructor for class Abc? 

    A.  Abc(Abc rhs)
    B.  Abc(const Abc & rhs)
    C.  Abc(const Abc * rhs)
    D.  None of the above

11. Suppose you are writing a copying assignment operator, whose argument
    is a const reference called rhs. Which of the following is important to
    test before making any modifications to the object?  

    A.  *this != *rhs
    B.  *this !=  rhs
    C.  this !=  rhs
    D.  this != &rhs

12. When should you use the keyword "explicit"?

    A.  For any constructor you write, except the default constructor
    B.  For any constructor you write that takes one argument
    C.  For any constructor you write, except the copy constructor
    D.  For any constructor you write that takes one argument, except the
        copy constructor.

13. What is the rule of three?

    A.  You should use at least three test cases on each class.
    B.  You should use at least three test caess on each method.
    C.  You should always write a default constructor, copy constructor,
        and conversion constructor in every class.
    D.  If you write any of a copy constructor, copying assignment
        operator, or destructor, you should write all three of them.
